2c60512 ydalil file1, file2
b6d3db1 05.GIT.txt v2
65acda0 Spisok kommitov
190c923 dop commit 1 dlya staging
6c31831 vse komandi 05.git.txt
58249ba dop commit vetki fix/prod
ac06466 dop commit vetki test
ecdf1c7 dop commit 2 dlya staging
6d3d4c5 commit 2 vetki master
c6477d8 commit 1 vetki master
b947ecc dop commit 2 dlya staging
3abc618 dop commit 1 dlya staging
e7e0b40 dop commit vetki fix/prod
6d3d4c5 commit 2 vetki master
c6477d8 commit 1 vetki master
d8b011b dop commit vetki test
bcbb1d8 dop commit 2 dlya staging
c876300 dop commit 1 dlya staging
e7e0b40 dop commit vetki fix/prod
6d3d4c5 commit 2 vetki master
c6477d8 commit 1 vetki master
e7e0b40 dop commit vetki fix/prod
6d3d4c5 commit 2 vetki master
c6477d8 commit 1 vetki master
